formacao-reactjs/ignite-feed/README.md, before:

<h3 align="center">
  IGNITE FEED
</h3>

<h3 align="center">
  <img alt="Vite" 
    src="https://logospng.org/download/vite-js/vite-js-2048-logo.png" width="180px"/>
</h3>

<p align="center">
<img alt="tech" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Vite-292C34?logo=vite">

<img alt="tech" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/React-292C34?logo=react">

  <img alt="tech" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS_Modules-292C34?logo=cssmodules">
  
  <img alt="tech" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Date_FNS-292C34?logo=date-fns">

 
</p>

<hr/>

<h4 align="center">Links:</h4>

<p align="center">

  <a href="#-about-challenge">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/About_Challenge-9575CD"/>
  </a>&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="#-figma">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Figma-FBC02D"/>
  </a>&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="-techs">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Techs-9575CD"/>
  </a>&nbsp;&nbsp;  
  <a href="#-run-this-project">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Run_this_project-FBC02D"/>
  </a>&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="#author-davi-rocha">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Author-9575CD"/>
  </a>

</p>

## 🎯 About challenge

The goal is to create a social media feed, with functionality for listing posts, adding comments, removing comments, and liking comments.

A data mock was created to simulate an API for listing posts and populating comments, but using state, comments can be removed and updated.

## 📝 Figma
https://www.figma.com/design/Ty6bO0tD1ENhnr37LQw6YO/Ignite-Feed-(Community)?node-id=1-35&node-type=frame&t=eOxsiBBrrCIrIMu5-0

## ✔️ Concepts practiced
- JSX
- State
- Components
- Props
- Functions
- CSS Modules

## ⚙️ Techs:

* __React__;
* __Vite__;
* __CSS Modules__;
* __Date-FNS__;
* __Phosphor__;

## 🏁 Run this project:

To run on the first time,  
into your folder:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/d-rocha/rocketseat
```

In this project I used NodeJS version 20.12.2.
Install the LTS version of NodeJS, check the documentation at: 
https://nodejs.org/en

Navigate to ```formacao-reactjs/ignite-feed``` :

To download the project's NPM dependencies, you can just use the yarn command to download them as well.

```bash
yarn install
```

Then run yarn dev to start the application.
```bash
yarn dev
```

😃 Now run the project and...
**BE HAPPY**.

<h4>
  😍 Thanks for you interest! 
</h4>

<br/>

---

<h3 align="center">
Author: <a alt="Davi-Rocha" href="#author-davi-rocha">Davi Rocha</a>
</h3>

<p align="center">

  <a alt="Davi Rocha" href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/davirochaoliveira/">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-Davi_Rocha-0077B5?logo=linkedin"/></a>
  <a alt="Davi Rocha" href="https://github.com/d-rocha">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/d_rocha-GitHub-000?logo=github"/></a>

</p>

Commit message:

:memo: Add link to vercel

formacao-reactjs/ignite-feed/README.md, after:

<h3 align="center">
  IGNITE FEED
</h3>

<h3 align="center">
  <img alt="Vite" 
    src="https://logospng.org/download/vite-js/vite-js-2048-logo.png" width="180px"/>
</h3>

<p align="center">
<img alt="tech" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Vite-292C34?logo=vite">

<img alt="tech" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/React-292C34?logo=react">

  <img alt="tech" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS_Modules-292C34?logo=cssmodules">
  
  <img alt="tech" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Date_FNS-292C34?logo=date-fns">

 
</p>

<hr/>

<h4 align="center">Links:</h4>

<p align="center">

  <a href="#-about-challenge">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/About_Challenge-9575CD"/>
  </a>&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="#-figma">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Figma-FBC02D"/>
  </a>&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="-techs">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Techs-9575CD"/>
  </a>&nbsp;&nbsp;  
  <a href="#-run-this-project">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Run_this_project-FBC02D"/>
  </a>&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="#author-davi-rocha">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Author-9575CD"/>
  </a>

</p>

## 🎯 About challenge

The goal is to create a social media feed, with functionality for listing posts, adding comments, removing comments, and liking comments.

A data mock was created to simulate an API for listing posts and populating comments, but using state, comments can be removed and updated.

## 📝 Figma
https://www.figma.com/design/Ty6bO0tD1ENhnr37LQw6YO/Ignite-Feed-(Community)?node-id=1-35&node-type=frame&t=eOxsiBBrrCIrIMu5-0

## ✔️ Concepts practiced
- JSX
- State
- Components
- Props
- Functions
- CSS Modules

## ⚙️ Techs:

* __React__;
* __Vite__;
* __CSS Modules__;
* __Date-FNS__;
* __Phosphor__;

## 🏁 Run this project:

To run on the first time,  
into your folder:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/d-rocha/rocketseat
```

In this project I used NodeJS version 20.12.2.
Install the LTS version of NodeJS, check the documentation at: 
https://nodejs.org/en

Navigate to ```formacao-reactjs/ignite-feed``` :

To download the project's NPM dependencies, you can just use the yarn command to download them as well.

```bash
yarn install
```

Then run yarn dev to start the application.
```bash
yarn dev
```

You can also see the application running live on vercel:
https://ignite-feed-tan-mu.vercel.app/

😃 Now run the project and...
**BE HAPPY**.

<h4>
  😍 Thanks for you interest! 
</h4>

<br/>

---

<h3 align="center">
Author: <a alt="Davi-Rocha" href="#author-davi-rocha">Davi Rocha</a>
</h3>

<p align="center">

  <a alt="Davi Rocha" href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/davirochaoliveira/">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-Davi_Rocha-0077B5?logo=linkedin"/></a>
  <a alt="Davi Rocha" href="https://github.com/d-rocha">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/d_rocha-GitHub-000?logo=github"/></a>

</p>
